Top Ten Interview questions:

1. Tell me about yourself.

My name is Alejandro Avella.  I was born and raised in Caracas, Venezuela.  I have
BS in Electronics Engineering and MS in Telecommunications.  I also did a computer
networking certificate from Stanford. After my master, My wife an I decided
to stay in the US and I have been living here for almost 20 years.  My job experience
is primarily a test engineer with a concentration in automation.  I am married and
I have two kids.

2. Why do you want to work for our company

I consider Vmware to be the leader on Software Defined Networking, specially with the
acquisition of Nicira.  I think my long term goals of making a career on software
quality and automation could be fulfilled at your company and it could be win win situation
if I join your company.

3. What are your strengths?

- I am methodical on everything I do and I think that helps to be a better test engineer.
- I am hard working and quick learner.  If there is a new technical challenge I find ways
  to improve my self and overcome the situation.
- I have a positive attitude and that helps to find solutions on what at first may seem hard to do.
- I am self motivated and require very little direction. You give me a direction and I find the path

4. What are your weakness?

- Sometimes I have a hard time saying no and that has gotten me into trouble in the past.
- I could be better at estimating tasks.

5. Why should I hire you?

- If you hire me, I will start contributing to your team immediately with my automation
and virtualization knowledge. For example, I have experience with Vmware Vsphere and
OpenStack that would be helpful.  You will be able to give code to test and I will be able
to generate test plans for them.  I am very interested in Software Defined Networking. 
and the cloud.   I have more than 20 years of work experience that I will be able
to translate to the software QA role that you are trying to fill.  My career goal is
to stay technical in a QA role and escalate the technical ladder.

6. Tell me what you know about this company?
About the company
Background in new projects:
Owners and partners
Company current issues
Competitors

7. Why are you looking for a job change?
THanks to previous org
what I learn from that job
share reason job change
relate to career goal

I am very happy and thankful for all my 10 years at Cisco.  I learned a lot and I was
always given opportunity to learn exciting technologies.  However, I think the company
is not growing fast enough and I am looking for a change on a company working on leading
edge technology that has a better chance to succeed in the marketplace.

8. What are your salary requirements?

9. What are your career goals?
Short term goal Stay in automation in senior QA role
Long term goal: Progress in the technical career ladder as a QA engineer

10. Finally, do you have any questions to ask me?
- Thanks for the time you took to interview me.
- I understand Nicira was working on Openstack before the acquisition.  I consider OpenStack
a Vmware competitor, could you explain the strategy? What pluggable components is Vmware using
- Could you describe how you see the competition with Cisco Insieme product Nexus 9000?
- Could you describe differences between VMware's NSX and Cisco's ACI?
 